line  1 :  val 	keywords
line  1 :  rent 	variable
line  1 :  = 	operator
line  1 :  1200 	int
line  2 :  val 	keywords
line  2 :  string 	variable
line  2 :  = 	operator
line  2 :  "hey Bob" 	string
line  3 :  val 	keywords
line  3 :  phon 	variable
line  3 :  = 	operator
line  3 :  5551337 	int
line  3 :  : 	operator
line  3 :  int 	variable
line  4 :  val 	keywords
line  4 :  pi 	variable
line  4 :  = 	operator
line  4 :  3.14159 	real
line  5 :  val 	keywords
line  5 :  e 	variable
line  5 :  = 	operator
line  5 :  2.718 	real
line  5 :  : 	operator
line  5 :  real 	variable
line  6 :  val 	keywords
line  6 :  nega 	variable
line  6 :  = 	operator
line  6 :  ~ 	operator
line  6 :  15 	int
line  7 :  val 	keywords
line  7 :  y 	variable
line  7 :  = 	operator
line  7 :  rent 	variable
line  7 :  + 	operator
line  7 :  ~ 	operator
line  7 :  nega 	variable
line  8 :  val 	keywords
line  8 :  char 	variable
line  8 :  = 	operator
line  8 :  # 	operator
line  8 :  "A" 	string
line  9 :  val 	keywords
line  9 :  mul 	variable
line  9 :  = 	operator
line  9 :  pi 	variable
line  9 :  * 	operator
line  9 :  0.1 	real
line  9 :  + 	operator
line  9 :  3.0 	real
line  10 :  val 	keywords
line  10 :  side 	variable
line  10 :  = 	operator
line  10 :  rent 	variable
line  10 :  * 	operator
line  10 :  ( 	operator
line  10 :  phon 	variable
line  10 :  + 	operator
line  10 :  nega 	variable
line  10 :  ) 	operator
line  11 :  val 	keywords
line  11 :  comp 	variable
line  11 :  = 	operator
line  11 :  1 	int
line  11 :  < 	operator
line  11 :  2 	int
line  11 :  andalso 	operator
line  11 :  2 	int
line  11 :  > 	operator
line  11 :  0 	int
line  12 :  fun 	keywords
line  12 :  fibo 	variable
line  12 :  n 	variable
line  12 :  = 	operator
line  13 :  if 	keywords
line  13 :  n 	variable
line  13 :  = 	operator
line  13 :  0 	int
line  13 :  then 	keywords
line  13 :  0 	int
line  13 :  else 	keywords
line  14 :  if 	keywords
line  14 :  n 	variable
line  14 :  = 	operator
line  14 :  1 	int
line  14 :  then 	keywords
line  14 :  1 	int
line  14 :  else 	keywords
line  15 :  fibo 	variable
line  15 :  ( 	operator
line  15 :  n 	variable
line  15 :  - 	operator
line  15 :  1 	int
line  15 :  ) 	operator
line  15 :  + 	operator
line  15 :  fibo 	variable
line  15 :  ( 	operator
line  15 :  n 	variable
line  15 :  - 	operator
line  15 :  2 	int
line  15 :  ) 	operator
line  16 :  fun 	keywords
line  16 :  is_large 	variable
line  16 :  x 	variable
line  16 :  = 	operator
line  16 :  x 	variable
line  16 :  > 	operator
line  16 :  37 	int
line  17 :  fun 	keywords
line  17 :  thermometer 	variable
line  17 :  temp 	variable
line  17 :  = 	operator
line  18 :  if 	keywords
line  18 :  temp 	variable
line  18 :  < 	operator
line  18 :  37 	int
line  19 :  then 	keywords
line  19 :  "Cold" 	string
line  20 :  else 	keywords
line  20 :  if 	keywords
line  20 :  temp 	variable
line  20 :  > 	operator
line  20 :  37 	int
line  21 :  then 	keywords
line  21 :  "Warm" 	string
line  22 :  else 	keywords
line  22 :  "Normal" 	string
